Graph group chat (#857)
microsoft/autogen: website/docs/Use-Cases/agent_chat.md

#### Static and dynamic conversations

AutoGen, by integrating conversation-driven control utilizing both programming and natural language, inherently supports dynamic conversations. This dynamic nature allows the agent topology to adapt based on the actual conversation flow under varying input problem scenarios. Conversely, static conversations adhere to a predefined topology. Dynamic conversations are particularly beneficial in complex settings where interaction patterns cannot be predetermined.

1. Registered auto-reply
With the pluggable auto-reply function, one can choose to invoke conversations with other agents depending on the content of the current message and context. For example:
- Hierarchical chat like in [OptiGuide](https://github.com/microsoft/optiguide).
- [Dynamic Group Chat](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/blob/main/notebook/agentchat_groupchat.ipynb) which is a special form of hierarchical chat. In the system, we register a reply function in the group chat manager, which broadcasts messages and decides who the next speaker will be in a group chat setting.

> - Graph based group chat which is a special form of dynamic group chat. In this approach, a directed graph is fed into [GraphGroupChat](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/blob/main/notebook/agentchat_graph_modelling_language_using_select_speaker.ipynb). The graph can specify legal transitions or specify disallowed transitions with the help of the boolean `is_allowed_graph`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Finite state machine (FSM) based group chat](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/blob/main/notebook/agentchat_graph_modelling_language_using_select_speaker.ipynb) which is a special form of dynamic group chat. In this approach, a directed transition matrix is fed into group chat. Users can specify legal transitions or specify disallowed transitions.
```

Reviewer 2: Done
